## Cloudflare Worker script

Modified script from [this repo](https://github.com/maximivanov/cf-worker-basic-http-auth.git).

### Setup Guide
#### 1. Deploy worker
- From the main cloudflare dashboard navigate to → **Workers & Pages** and press → **Create** → **Create Worker**
- Choose name or leave as autogenerated default and press → **Deploy**
- Navigate to → **Edit code** and paste in the code from the **[auth-worker.js](auth-worker.js)** script. Afterwards press → **Deploy**
#### 2. Add secret password in the "Variables and Secrets" section of the Worker
- Navigate back to main view of Worker deployment. Do that by pressing the → **<name of worker>** in the top left.
- Navigate to the → **Settings** tab → **Variables and Secrets** from the left side panel.
- **+ Add** a variable.
- Variable name needs to be upper case **PASSWORD** (important!) and value is your actual password. Press encrypt.
- Make sure to press → **Encrypt**
- Navigate to **Workers & Pages** → **Overview** and press → **Visit** next to the Worker.
- Submit your user and password to check that it is working.
#### 3. Choose which url you want to secure (route to existing domain - handled by Cloudflare)
- From the main cloudflare dashboard navigate to → **<relevant domain>** → **Workers Routes** (in the left side panel).
- Press → **Add route**
- Type in the URL you wish to be secured by the authentication Worker
- Choose the correct Worker in the dropdown list and press → **Save**

Following these steps should put your url behind a basic http authentication, where correct credentials is needed to access it.